#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in requirements.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
astroid==2.12.13
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
black==22.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
blessed==1.19.1
    # via enlighten
blis==0.7.9
    # via thinc
build==0.9.0
    # via pip-tools
catalogue==2.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   click-log
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest-click
    #   typer
click-log==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
comm==0.1.1
    # via ipykernel
confection==0.0.3
    # via thinc
coverage[toml]==6.5.0
    # via pytest-cov
cymem==2.0.7
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via pygithub
dill==0.3.6
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
enlighten==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.0.4
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tox
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
flake8==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8-bugbear
flake8-bugbear==22.10.27
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
future==0.18.2
    # via treelib
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via sqlalchemy
huggingface-hub==0.11.1
    # via transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.18.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   spacy
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.23.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.16.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
lazy-object-proxy==1.8.0
    # via astroid
libpff-python-ratom==20220304
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
murmurhash==1.0.9
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   blis
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66; sys_platform=="linux"
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99; sys_platform=="linux"
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99; sys_platform=="linux"
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96; sys_platform=="linux"
    # via torch
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   spacy
    #   tox
    #   transformers
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.2
    # via black
pathy==0.10.0
    # via spacy
pbr==5.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pep517==0.13.0
    # via build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pip-tools==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==2.5.4
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prefixed==0.5.0
    # via enlighten
preshed==3.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.33
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via tox
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via pytest-benchmark
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygithub==1.57
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via pygithub
pylint==2.15.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via pygithub
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
pysnooper==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-benchmark
    #   pytest-click
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-sugar
pytest-benchmark==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-click==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-sugar==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via jupyter-client
pytz==2022.6
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
regex==2022.10.31
    # via transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pygithub
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   blessed
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tox
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via pathy
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy-transformers
spacy-alignments==0.8.6
    # via spacy-transformers
spacy-legacy==3.0.10
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.3
    # via spacy
spacy-transformers==1.1.8
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sqlalchemy==1.4.44
    # via -r requirements.in
srsly==2.4.5
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-transformers
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
striprtf==0.0.22
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==2.1.1
    # via pytest-sugar
terminado==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
thinc==8.1.5
    # via spacy
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.12.1
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pep517
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.11.6
    # via pylint
torch==1.13.0
    # via spacy-transformers
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tox==3.27.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.5.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
transformers==4.21.3
    # via spacy-transformers
treelib==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pylint
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.17.0
    # via tox
wasabi==0.10.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
